feat: add new Shadow variable listener (#954)
TimefoldAI/timefold-solver: docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/using-timefold-solver/modeling-planning-problems.adoc

Timefold Solver triggers a user-defined logic whenever the inverse relation or previous element changes.
Moreover, it automatically propagates changes to the next elements when the value of the related shadow variable changes.

The planning entity side has a genuine list variable:

[source,java]
----
@PlanningEntity
public class Vehicle {

    @PlanningListVariable
    public List<Customer> getCustomers() {
        return customers;
    }

    public void setCustomers(List<Customer> customers) {...}
}
----

On the element side:

[source,java]
----
@PlanningEntity
public class Customer {

    @InverseRelationShadowVariable(sourceVariableName = "customers")
    private Vehicle vehicle;
    @PreviousElementShadowVariable(sourceVariableName = "customers")
    private Customer previousCustomer;
    @NextElementShadowVariable(sourceVariableName = "customers")
    private Customer nextCustomer;
    @CascadingUpdateListener(targetMethodName = "updateArrivalTime", sourceVariableName = "vehicle")
    @CascadingUpdateListener(targetMethodName = "updateArrivalTime", sourceVariableName = "previousCustomer")
    private LocalDateTime arrivalTime;

> 

Reviewer: The very first example shouldn't be this complicated.
Reduce it to the bare minimum code. You can explain the extra features later.

[source,java]
----
@PlanningEntity
public class Customer {

    @PreviousElementShadowVariable(sourceVariableName = "customers")
    private Customer previousCustomer;
    @CascadingUpdateShadowVariable(targetMethodName = "updateArrivalTime", sourceVariableName = "previousCustomer")
    private LocalDateTime arrivalTime;

    ...

    public void updateArrivalTime() {...}
----

It is also possible to define multiple sources per variable:

[source,java]
----
@PlanningEntity
public class Customer {

    @InverseRelationShadowVariable(sourceVariableName = "customers")
    private Vehicle vehicle;
    @PreviousElementShadowVariable(sourceVariableName = "customers")
    private Customer previousCustomer;
    @NextElementShadowVariable(sourceVariableName = "customers")
    private Customer nextCustomer;
    @CascadingUpdateShadowVariable(targetMethodName = "updateArrivalTime", sourceVariableName = "vehicle")
    @CascadingUpdateShadowVariable(targetMethodName = "updateArrivalTime", sourceVariableName = "previousCustomer")
    private LocalDateTime arrivalTime;

    ...

    public void updateArrivalTime() {...}
----

The listener behaves as described previously.

> It is called `updateArrivalTime` whenever a `previousCustomer` or `vehicle` changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It calls `updateArrivalTime` whenever a `previousCustomer` or `vehicle` changes.
```

It then propagates the changes to the subsequent elements,

> stopping when no change is identified, or it reaches the tail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stopping when the method results in no change to the variable, or when it reaches the tail.
```

    public void setNextCustomer(Customer nextCustomer) {...}
----

[#cascadeUpdateVariable]

> ==== Cascade element update shadow variable

Reviewer: This documentation is correct, but I've been wondering...
Should we rather (or maybe in addition) write a short section on "updating tail chains"? 
And maybe we don't hide it deep in a subsection on variable listeners.

Because as a user, that's what I will look for - not "cascade element update shadow variable".

Author: I've moved the contento into a separate section and renamed the title. I believe it should be placed after `List variable shadow variables` because it relies on some shadow variables discussed in that section.

and `NextElementShadowVariable` elements in order to use the cascade element shadow variable.

In the previous example,
the cascade update listener calls `updateArrivalTime` whenever the `vehicle` or `previousCustomer` changes.
It then automatically calls `updateArrivalTime` for the subsequent `nextCustomer` elements
and stops when the `arrivalTime` value does not change after running the user-defined custom logic
or when it reaches the end.

[WARNING]
====
A user-defined logic can only change shadow variables.
It must never change a genuine planning variable or a problem fact.
====

===== Multiple source variables

If the user-defined logic requires updating multiple shadow variables,
annotate each shadow variable with a separate `@CascadeUpdateElementShadowVariable` annotation.

[source,java]
----
@PlanningEntity
public class Customer {

    @InverseRelationShadowVariable(sourceVariableName = "customers")
    private Vehicle vehicle;
    @PreviousElementShadowVariable(sourceVariableName = "customers")
    private Customer previousCustomer;
    @NextElementShadowVariable(sourceVariableName = "customers")
    private Customer nextCustomer;

>     @CascadeUpdateElementShadowVariable(sourceMethodName = "updateWeightAndArrivalTime")

Reviewer: Isn't it rather the `targetMethodName`?
The relationship is inversed here.

Author: Yes, it makes sense.
